Add `--sidecar` to erb, haml and slim generators. (#404)
github/view_component: README.md

```
app/components
├── ...
├── example_component.rb
├── example_component
|   ├── example_component.css
|   ├── example_component.html.erb
|   └── example_component.js
├── ...

```

> To generate this directory structure for a component, use the `--sidecar` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a component with this directory structure, use the `--sidecar` flag:
```

> To generate a component with this directory structure, use the `--sidecar` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a component with a sidecar directory, use the `--sidecar` flag:
```

> You can generate this directory structure for a component using the `--sidecar` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate this directory structure for a component, use the `--sidecar` flag:
```
